Skunk photo pages
-----------------

About
-----
  The original version of these photo pages were started in 1998. It has been
  rewritten several times, though the version number 4.

  If you want to contact the author, it's Stephan Plepelits from Vienna, Austria.
  You can send me e-mail via skunk@xover.mud.at.

  If you think this software is cool and fancy, then please write me. If you've
  got ideas for improvements, then don't hesitate and write me. I'd also
  appreciate your bits of code, that could improve this software. Your name in
  the Acknowledgement-Section of this file is guaranted (if I can use it).

Installation
------------
  Install the scripts to a directory, that is reachable for your webserver
  (e.g. apache). It needs PHP to run, no database servers are used.

  Create a directory where your images will be put. This directory shouldn't be
  reachable via your webserver (for security-reasons). It has to be writeable
  for the webserver (you won't be able to edit your photopages).
  Copy all files from the templates-directory to this directory.
  See below for a description of these files.

  Create a second directory (the upload directory), where you can put images
  for the photopages, that can be imported (via the "Upload pictures"-Page).

  Copy conf.php-dist to conf.php and fill with correct values.

  Type the address of your new photopages into the address bar of your
  preferred browser. You should be able to login as user 'admin' and password
  'admin'.

Upgrading
---------
  Save the conf.php, get rid of the old installation and copy conf.php back to
  the new installation. Check this section of this file for changes to the
  conf.php.

Dependencies
------------
  The Photo Pages use other software for image operations.
  - php (>= 4.3)
  - ImageMagick
  - exiftran
  - ffmpeg (to transcode videos)
for future release:  - flvtool2 (to add metadata to videos)

Files in templates/
-------------------
- fotocfg.txt
  This file holds the definition of the current page.
  There's a short description in the file DOCU.

- passwd / group
  You can use the program htpasswd to change passwords and add users.
  Type 'htpasswd /path/to/passwd username' to change a password or create a new
  user.

  In the group-file you can add users to a group. Each line starts with the
  name of a group, followed by a : and a space-seperated list of users:
  groupname:user1 user2 user3

Included Software
-----------------
- FlowPlayer
  Plays Videos as Flash - http://flowplayer.sourceforge.net/

Acknowledgements
----------------
  Peter Pacher
  Florian Scholz
  Ulrike "Utx" Trexler (it's Helm now)
  Florian "Loki" Cech
  Naemi Luckner
    Testusers of my software and really good friends

  Andreas "Andyl" Weiner
    Has a similar script and I copied the original format of fotocfg.txt from
    him. And he keeps poking me to write documentation.

  Alex "Asgaard" Piskernik
    keeps telling me, that my code is easily readable. So it's his fault if you
    find not enough comments ;)

  Prof. Werner Purgathofer
    One of the first real testusers for the edit-mode (and my chef)
